hey guys we love games beef noodle soup
at the restaurant so today we're going
to show you how to make it yourself at
home me I'm Sammy and today we will be
making one of our favorite soups and
this is our favorite one of my favorite
soup this is the beef noodle soup
so first we'll need Angus beef and this
is this doing kind it already comes to
chopped up in cubes and try to get the
one with the fatter cuts because it's
going to be more tasty out for this to
space you're going to need one tomato
you can introduce the onion oh you've
already set it though at the end and
you're going to need three cloves of
garlic peeled and the next thing we're
going to need is a spice and this is
star anise
star anise has given a lot of
traditional Asian soups so the first
thing you'll need is sugar and this is
rice wine vinegar you'll need 1/3 of
this this is only for cooking this yeah
don't drink it on its own
the hoochies vinegar cool and then
you'll need 1/2 a cup of regular soy
sauce we like make you soy sauce but
right now we're using this because it
was cheaper next you're going to need
1/2 a cup of dark soy this is the
mushroom flavored one it's a thicker one
it's going to give the stupids colored
only Shanghai bok choy and then you'll
eat Shanghai noodles this is a super
know you'll find a variety of noodles in
the noodle section and make sure it says
a soup this is something that I find
makes a soup what it is this is the
pickled mustard green it's sold so yummy
it's got a sour sweet taste to it I love
to put this on top with beef noodle soup
wants to cooked with vegetable and the
noodle and yeah you can get this at any
recent market and make sure when you get
it it must say pickled mustard green not
just the yeah they have a lot of variety
and then and this is optional so before
I know really hate cilantro but I like
it just an extra vegetable for you guys
that like to eat green pea
to prepare your vegetables cut them into
large chunks because they will dissolve
into the soup base cut your pickled
mustard greens into tiny pieces because
the taste is really strong this actually
goes into the soup at the very end when
it's ready to serve and now to prepare
the soup base add beef into three liters
of boiling water next add three cloves
of peeled garlic then add your tomato
and onions into the soup
add your star anise then add all your
liquid ingredients
mix your soup and simmer it for five
hours to all the delicious flavors and
come out into the soup and you'll know
when it's done when everything is
dissolved so here we bold the greens
with one tablespoon of oil and we also
boiled the noodle for one minute and
then you put all these things together
and pour the hot soup on top and this is
what you'll get this is one of our
favorite things to eaten in the
wintertime it's so delicious it's great
for the cold winter night and it always
satisfies my tummy it is definitely one
of our favorite comfort foods let us
know what yours is thanks for watching
guys we hope you guys give it a try and
have a great day bye